                    CSE 260, Parallel Computation
                            (Winter 2020)
           Department of Computer Science and Engineering
                 University of California, San Diego


		Team Self Evaluation Form, Assignment #1

Each team must submit one copy of this self evaluation form.
The members of each team should discuss how they
worked together and what to write for the evaluation.
If you worked alone leave column B blank

(1) List the names of your team members:

A: Brandon Gautama


B: Fan Jin



(2) Estimate how much time each team member devoted to this project, in HOURS.

  	                        A 	       B
meetings 	  	  	        15         15
coding 	  	  	            4          4
writeup 	  	  	        5          3
planning (alone) 	  	  	1          1
total (including meetings)  25         23


(3) Discuss the following.
(a) If you worked in a team, what were the major responsibilities
    of each team member?
    Brandon: multi-level blocking, SIMD, writeup
    Fan: memory layout, autotuning, branch optimization
(b) Did you complete the assignment?
    Yes.
(c) What were your major strengths and weaknesses in doing this
    assignment (individually or in a team)?
    If in a team, also discuss how your team worked together.
    Brandon: Prior experience with SIMD.
    Fan: Some computer architecture knowledge from CSE 240A.
    Team: We both use Git very well.
    In general, our team worked very well. We often meet and do pair programming.
    In each meeting, we implement and analyze every optimizations we made. Then we
    record the result and analyses for the report. We are not familiar with cache
    profiling tool.
(d) What  lessons did you learn from these events.
    Using macros in C to organize a large source file with so many switches.
    We kept track of each optimization result and analysis.
(e) If in a team, whether and how you plan to change the way
    your work together .
    No change.
(f) Anything else that comes to mind.
    Time management is vital.
(g) What suggestions do you have to improve this assignment?
    The autograder should support us splitting the source file into multiple headers and files.
    It is not a good habit to put everything in a single, large, unorganized source file.
